dinner ready
the challenge here y'all ready and I get
you on this and we're done
what's the line when we're done stop
fresh pan pizza kaboom stuff cast
you're you're reading and a stuffed
crust pan pizza kibou got counter looks
for camera
I know it's freaked out here we go let's
go one more take place the next one
knows too much
all right here we go rolling and market
let's do it - ready Tim ready and I
stuffed crust pan pizza cook boom yeah I
don't need to be a little less in the
eyes for camera why yes I do wanna I
seriously do what much it's done all
right there we go that it neat it's very
serious brush finally please here we go
again rolling did it
it's fun it's far and it's more the come
marking quiet place we are ready and
action
one more time here and I mean I'm not
even buddies like this like a like I'm
like I'm taking his wallet doors don't
be taking me pizza son don't be taking
my pizza lat
sup buddy man beat it just to say it
what better don't think Brett is it
stuffed crust pan pizza stuffed crust
and pizza here y'all ready and action
stuffed crust pan pizza come oh right
perfect come on dude don't roll up on me
man not right now what I go through
shoot this no why don't you fill this
now fill whack over here yeah way we've
been following me and why is it why is
this not a problem when everyone else if
this guy keeps coming here come on okay
right here ray all right